Adding notes for domain local groups + FQDN (#6352)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/linux/sql-server-linux-active-directory-authentication.md

> [!NOTE]
> While it is not recommended, it is possible to use utilities, such as **realmd**, that set up SSSD while joining the Linux host to the domain, while configuring **disablesssd** to true so that SQL Server uses openldap calls instead of SSSD for Active Directory related calls.

> [!NOTE]

> > SQL Server login using FQDN (for example, CONTOSO.COM\Username) is not supported. Use CONTOSO\Username format.

Reviewer: Hey Amit, for this sentence, I think Josh's usage is correct. I would like to go with his format as we do use CONTOSO in various formats in our docs.

> 

> > Due to a KRB5 limitation, you will not be able to add SQL Server logins from Domain Local Groups.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
> SQL Server logins from Domain Local Groups is not supported. Use Global Security Domain Groups instead.
```

> > SQL Server logins from Domain Local Groups is not supported. Use Global Security Domain Groups instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> SQL Server logins from Domain Local Groups are not supported. Use Global Security Domain Groups instead.
```
